README.md, before:

# DigitalFutures
_Alistair Boyer_


# Functions
- <a href="/Functions/">All Functions</a>
- `crosstabplot()`: plot cross tabulated data with in a dataframe in a treemap-type diagram.
- `plotstate()`: plot a US state on an object.


# Course Notes


## Pandas
- <a href="/Course Notes/Pandas.md">Cheat-sheet for the most useful __pandas__ methods</a>


## Ethics of AI!
- <a href="/Course Notes/Ethics_of_AI.md">Ethics of AI! Notes</a>
1. __Introduction__ What is AI Ethics?
1. __Non-maleficence__ What Whould We Do?
1. __Accountability__ Who Should be Blamed?
1. __Transparency__ Should We Know How AI Works?
1. __Human Rights__
1. __Fairness__ Should AI be Fair and Non-discriminative?
1. __AI Ethics in Practice__ How might AI Ethics Develop?


## IBM Agile
- <a href="/Course Notes/IBM_Agile.md">IBM Agile Notes</a>
1. Agile
1. Agile Practices
1. Agile Teams
1. Agile Operations
1. Agile Programs


## Java Explorer
- <a href="/Course Notes/Java_Explorer.md">Java Explorer</a>


# Exercises
- <a href="/Exercises/">Selected exercises from the DigitalFutures course</a>
1. Scraping books.toscrape.com
1. Murder Mystery Challenge
1. Escape from Mystery SQL Island

Commit message:

Google Generative AI Learning Path Upload

README.md, after:

# DigitalFutures
_Alistair Boyer_


# Functions
- <a href="/Functions/">All Functions</a>
- `crosstabplot()`: plot cross tabulated data with in a dataframe in a treemap-type diagram.
- `plotstate()`: plot a US state on an object.


# Course Notes


## Pandas
- <a href="/Course Notes/Pandas.md">Cheat-sheet for the most useful __pandas__ methods</a>


## Ethics of AI!
- <a href="/Course Notes/Ethics_of_AI.md">Ethics of AI! Notes</a>
1. __Introduction__ What is AI Ethics?
1. __Non-maleficence__ What Whould We Do?
1. __Accountability__ Who Should be Blamed?
1. __Transparency__ Should We Know How AI Works?
1. __Human Rights__
1. __Fairness__ Should AI be Fair and Non-discriminative?
1. __AI Ethics in Practice__ How might AI Ethics Develop?


## IBM Agile
- <a href="/Course Notes/IBM_Agile.md">IBM Agile Notes</a>
1. Agile
1. Agile Practices
1. Agile Teams
1. Agile Operations
1. Agile Programs


## Google Learning Paths
- <a href="Google_Generative_AI.md">Introduction to Generative AI and Responsible AI</a>


## Java Explorer
- <a href="/Course Notes/Java_Explorer.md">Java Explorer</a>


# Exercises
- <a href="/Exercises/">Selected exercises from the DigitalFutures course</a>
1. Scraping books.toscrape.com
1. Murder Mystery Challenge
1. Escape from Mystery SQL Island
